Updates to front READMEs (#4)
datastackacademy/deb-intro: README.md

> Welcome to the public preview repository for Data Engineering Bootcamp. This repository contains introductory material and the full 10-chapter curriculum for the 17-week data engineering course, along with the datasets and code examples that we will be using to teach you how to build data pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the intro repository for Data Engineering Bootcamp. This repository contains the first 2 chapters of our larger 10-chapter data engineering curriculum which is taught in a 17-week bootcamp. This public preview is limited to the Getting Started Guide and first two chapters of material.
```

> Take a look at the [Getting Started Guide](/getting-started/) for information on how to set up your development environment to follow along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Getting Started

First, take a look at the [Getting Started Guide](/getting-started/)  to set up your development environment.

This information will have you install all the necessary software to start this course.

```

> The day-to-day instruction for the course will follow this repository material very closely. This public preview is limited to the Getting Started Guide and first two chapters of material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Removing this section. The information is already included above.

## Overview

The course material is divided into 10 chapters:
1. [Introduction to Python and Pandas](deb/ch1/)
1. [Working with Databases](deb/ch2/)
1. Tura-Air (aircraft and flight data)
1. Working with APIs
1. Docker
1. Google Cloud Airflow
1. Spark
1. Serverless architecture
1. Streaming (Pub/Sub + Spark)
1. Data Visualization

Each chapter is contained in its own folder, which contains an overview, episode links, and code and data resources. Click on the chapter titles above to explore the chapter structure of the course. 

There are ten chapters of material, each divided into daily episodes. Most of the chapters are covered in a week, but some of the bigger topics get two weeks per chapter. There are daily exercises in the form of challenge questions that ask you to do programming tasks with the skills from that day's material. Every week finishes with a graded project which ties together all of the week's material and builds on skills learned earlier in the course.

> The course finishes with a two-week, hands-on final project that incorporates that challenges students to use all the skills they have learned to build a real-world data pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Removing this. It's irrelevant there.
